# Agenda - Week 3

---
**Date:**           23.04.2021\
**Main focus:**     2nd CTA meeting - Backlog and Requirements\
**Chair:**          Andrzej Rubio Bizcaino\
**Note taker:**     Yuji Reda\
---

## Attendance

| Andrzej | Jakub | Maty치코 | Weicheng | Yuji |
|:-------:|:-----:|:------:|:--------:|:----:|
| Yes     | Yes   | Yes    | Yes      | Yes  |

## Points of action - CTA meeting
* Present ideas for the GUI
* Present and discuss Backlog

#### Questions for the CTA
* Should lecturer see only upvoted questions or also the newest questions?
* Should moderators have the possibility to ban user from posting questions?
* Should there be an option to provide a written answer for the question (ex. by the moderator)?
* How much should the operator see?
* Are lecturers authenticated somehow or can literally anyone create a lecture?
* Merged questions cannot be deleted by the students, but what about edited questions (by the moderator)?
* What banning system should we use?
* What is the use case of question tags?


## Points of action - TA meeting
* Discuss details concerning final backlog
* Discuss the expectations for the 'First Working Endpoint'
* Discuss current proposal of structure for documentation 

#### Questions for the TA


## Tasks for upcoming week 
- **All team members:**
    - [ ] Complete the Information Literacy Module
    - [ ] Deliver the Final Backlog

- **Andrzej:**
    - To be determined after the meeting

- **Jakub:**
    - To be determined after the meeting
    
- **Maty치코:**
    - To be determined after the meeting 
    
- **Weicheng:**
    - To be determined after the meeting

- **Yuji:**
    - To be determined after the meeting



